---
title: Planning
layout: post
author: eduguidepfl
permalink: /planning/
source-id: 1L6dzzif_W2Ap9bHlhKgBCniYlIA6-11V47ZZnsCx9zU
published: true
---

# **Planning**

## **Session 1**

1. Review the About EduGuide document as a class.

2. Explain that the Core Learning Path is a personal space, meaning no other students can read what they are writing.

3. Teachers will mentor students online around the comments they share in response to the questions in the Core Learning Path activities.

4. Use the Joining EduGuide document to assist students in creating an account.

5. They will be asked to upload a profile image. Share a photo of themselves or a motivator.

6. Students share a goal or their vision statement by clicking below their name on My Pages.

7. Have students write down the email they use & the passwords created, so they will have an easy time logging back in when returning to their Core Learning Path.

8. If they lose this information, the Team Coach can reset the password online too.

9. Students start their first activity in the Core Learning Path called, "Your Path to Growth".

10. If you would like to include a class activity on the first day, have students stop once the survey is completed. Otherwise they can continue with their online work.

11. Lead class with the EG - Class Activity: Science of Character.

12. Connect to a short 8-minute video to watch together as a class.

13. Review the follow up questions in small groups and then as a class.

## **Session 2**

1. Students log into the account created on the first day at: Login.EduGuide.org.

2. They will start back where they left off after the survey in their first activity.

3. Team Coaches should plan on quickly responding to at least 1 comment/student.

4. The next time students return to the Core Learning Path, the very first screen they will see are comments and questions from their teachers.

5. They will also receive an email notification when you comment or cheer them on using the thumbs up too, so keep the conversation going right from the start.

## **Session 3**

1. Continue to use resources and materials available in the Team Library to lead class discussion.

2. For example, guide students through questions with the Guided Discussion document.

3. Practice taking some of the learning offline with students.

4. Create a sample student account to work online together as a part of blended learning.



